Modernize Helm v3 CONTRIBUTING.md (#31739)
helm/helm: CONTRIBUTING.md

[cncf-helm-security@lists.cncf.io](mailto:cncf-helm-security@lists.cncf.io). This will give us a
chance to try to fix the issue before it is exploited in the wild.

## Helm v3

> Helm v4 is developed on the `main` branch. Helm v3 on the `dev-v3` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm v4 development takes place on the `main` branch while Helm v3 is on the `dev-v3` branch.
```
